kid
Don't think you're so good at fighting that you're not afraid
I'll tell you what.
The Lord who will come in a while
It can't be dealt with by your triangular magic kung fu
What's going on?
Yo
adult
That they defy the demolition of the food stage
He also said that the two of us are dogs
You shut down the women's group
The formal procedures for demolition have been obtained.
If you resist maliciously
That's violent resistance.
Your mom think about it
Take the money and leave or go to jail
Mr. Ye, you can't move with him
I know, Sister Ye, weren't you very good just now?
It doesn't matter if the soldiers come to block it
Burp me
Hahaha, who said I was going to do it to you?
I don't do it
Then no one can cure you.
Oh, wh-what are you doing?
I remember now.
Our Ye family has an ancestor
Anyone who comes to my Ye family with hostility?
Will be bullied
Maybe the next one to fall